= indexotron

a simple gem to help you index a website or two and then search the results
http://github.com/j05h/indexotron

== Features

gem install indexotron

ndxo <command>
Commands: 
  * install: installs to NDXO_DIR or ~/indexotron (elasticsearch.com)
  * start:   starts an elastic search instance
  * stop:    stops all elastic search instances
  * pid:     prints pids for all instances
  * index:   index a website
  * search:  search indexed content
  * help:    prints this help

== Installation:
'ndxo install' 
installs elastic search to your home directory or, NDXO_DIR if
you have that set in your environment.

== Starting:
'ndxo start'
After you have it installed, run 'ndxo start' to start up as many instances of
elastic search as you like.  

== Stopping:
'ndxo stop' 
This will stop all running indexers.

== Status:
'ndxo pid'
Will show you which indexers are currenlty running.

== Indexing:
'ndxo index <site>'
Will start indexing the provided website.

== Searching:
'ndxo search <site> <query>'
Will search the given site for whatever query term you're providing.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 j05h. See LICENSE for details.
